REVISION HISTORY
----------------
23/01/2010 - Added Shift-U shortcut
             Changed Win32 in Win32+SDL to acknowledge existance of *nix
               versions and other portings
             Reworked the readme file



WHAT'S THIS STUFF?
------------------
These are quick reference sheets for MilkyTracker. They list all the shortcuts,
effect commands and volume commands plus several other things one would like
to keep easily reachable while learning MilkyTracker's user interface.
The main reason why I wrote these files was to have such information handy when
using the program so as to get my learning easier. I decided to publish them
so that you can benefit from them as well, and I really hope they'll prove
valuable for you as well.



A WORD ON COMPROMISES
---------------------
In order to cram that many useful stuff in just one sheet, some compromises
had to be made. For example some descriptions have been shortened on purpose
and the font has been made small. I have tried to be as exhaustive as
possible, often mentioning bugs and special, not too trivial, twists of the
program as well. This can save you from getting back and forth from the user
manual, but is in no way intended to replace it. Also, as you'll see for
yourself should you decide to try, printing a shrinked version of both pages
on the same side of the sheet won't help as the text will become close to
unreadable due to the small font used.



HOW TO USE (for dummies)
------------------------
There are four PDF files, named after the configuration they are intended for.
They differ slightly from each other, therefore be sure to choose the right
one for you. FT2 and MT stand for the keymap you are going to use
(FastTracker II or MilkyTracker), while OSX and Win32+SDL, well...
The documents are designed to be printed on a single sheet of paper, one page
on each side, so that they get really handy.
Open the PDF file by double-clicking on it and print one page per side on the
same sheet. Even if your printer cannot print on both sides you can do so by
doing File -> print... and then telling Acrobat to print page 1 only. You let
it print, then take the output sheet, flip it and feed it back again to the
printer so that next time it will print on the back side. Now repeat the
process asking for page 2 instead.
The program to use for printing the files is freeware and can be downloaded
here:
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep2.html
There is also an alternative software for Windows (free as well) which I may
want to try if you don't like Adobe Acrobat. 
http://www.foxitsoftware.com/pdf/rd_intro.php
Have fun and happy tracking!



LEGAL FINE PRINT AND DISCLAIMER
-------------------------------
I, the copyright holder of this work, hereby release it into the public domain.
This applies worldwide. In case this is not legally possible: I grant anyone
the right to use this work for any purpose, without any conditions, unless such
conditions are required by law.
I believe the information contained in these files is accurate at the time of
release. However it is YOUR duty to verify this (and possibly report errors and
missing stuff while you are there). Therefore I am not responsible for all the
data you will lose while perusing my documents. Also, I am not responsible for
whatever else may happen directly or indirectly to you or your computer as a
consequence of the use of these files.



AUTHORSHIP
----------
I have compiled, arranged and updated these quick reference sheet files.
I am NOT a developer of MilkyTracker. Therefore all your questions related to
the program and its documentation are better asked in MilkyTracker's forums
XOR on #milkytracker.
You can access both from the main menu of milkytracker's web site.
http://www.milkytracker.net



GREETINGS AND THANKS
--------------------
Thanks to raina and pailes who have been so kind to help me compile these quick
reference files by providing me with pre-release software and updated help files.
Greetings to all the guys hanging around in #milkytracker.



Valerio